docs: add issue delivery process to contribution docs (#2556)
FuelLabs/fuels-ts: CONTRIBUTING.md

If you find a vulnerability or suspect it may be a security issue, please read our [Security Policy](./SECURITY.md) and follow the instructions.

> # Adding an Issue to the Backlog

Reviewer: The issue may or may not go to the backlog, depending on how relevant it is.

```suggestion
# Prioritization of issues
```

> If you have an idea for a new feature or a bug fix, you can add an issue to the backlog using one of our [issue templates](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuels-ts/issues/new/choose). This will allow you to discuss the issue with core maintainers and it can be triaged and prioritized. All issues will go through the following process:

Reviewer: Mind you, this process only applies to externally submitted issues

```suggestion
If you would like to create an issue, please use the relevant [issue template](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuels-ts/issues/new/choose). This will allow us to correctly triage and prioritize it. Every externally submitted issue goes through the following process:
```

> 1. A new issue is added to the backlog

Reviewer: Triage is separate from the backlog, issues are triaged before entering the backlog.

```suggestion
A new issue is created, given the `triage` label, and assigned to a core maintainer for investigation
```

1. The `triage` label is added to the issue and it is assigned to a core maintainer for investigation

> 1. The core maintainer will post the results of the issue investigation and remove the `triage` label

Reviewer: These two can be merged into one step
```suggestion
Once the assigned core maintainer has completed their investigation, they remove the `triage` label and assign the relevant label to the issue i.e. `bug` , `feat`, `chore`, `docs`
```

1. A type label is added to the issue (e.g. `bug`, `feat`, `docs`, `chore`)

> 1. The issue is assigned a milestone (e.g. `mainnet`, `post-launch`) and a priority label (e.g. `p0`, `p1`, `p2`) that should give an indication as to when the issue will be delivered

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The issue is assigned a milestone (e.g. `mainnet`, `post-launch`) and a prioritization label where `p0` is the highest priority and `p2` is the lowest priority
```

1. The issue is assigned for development and should be moved to `In Progress`
1. A pull request is made ready and the issue is now `In Review`
1. The pull request needs approval by 3 core maintainers, these can be found in the [CODEOWNERS file](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuels-ts/blob/master/.github/CODEOWNERS)
1. It can then be merged to `master` and included in a release

> 1. The issue is closed automatically and it's status moves to `Done`

Reviewer: Why are all these steps `1.` ?

Author: By setting them all to `1.` it increments automatically - https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuels-ts/blob/db/docs/add-issue-process-to-contributing/CONTRIBUTING.md

Reviewer: That's neat, wasn't aware.

> 1. The issue is closed automatically and it's status moves to `Done`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The issue is closed automatically and it's status is moved to `Done`
```
